has anyone investigated the effect of shock generated vorticity on heat transfer to a blunt body .
what is the heat transfer to a blunt body in the absence of vorticity .
what are the general effects on flow fields when the reynolds number is small .
find a calculation procedure applicable to all incompressible laminar boundary layer flow problems having good accuracy and reasonable computation time .
papers applicable to this problem (calculation procedures for laminar incompressible flow with arbitrary pressure gradient) .
has anyone investigated the shear buckling of stiffened plates .
papers on shear buckling of unstiffened rectangular plates under shear .
in practice, how close to reality are the assumptions that the flow in a hypersonic shock tube using nitrogen is non-viscous and in thermodynamic equilibrium .
what design factors can be used to control lift-drag ratios at mach numbers above 5 .
are real-gas transport properties for air available over a wide range of enthalpies and densities .
is it possible to find an analytical,  similar solution of the strong blast wave problem in the newtonian approximation .
how can the aerodynamic performance of channel flow ground effect machines be calculated .
are experimental pressure distributions on bodies of revolution at angle of attack available .
has anyone formally determined the influence of joule heating,  produced by the induced current,  in magnetohydrodynamic free convection flows under general conditions .
what progress has been made in research on unsteady aerodynamics .
what are the factors which influence the time required to invert large structural matrices .
what is the effect of cross sectional shape on the flow over simple delta wings with sharp leading edges .
to find an approximate correction for thickness in slender thin-wing theory .
have wind tunnel interference effects been investigated on a systematic basis .
has anyone investigated relaxation effects on gaseous heat transfer to a suddenly heated wall .
are there any theoretical methods for predicting base pressure .
how can one detect transition phenomena in boundary layers .
how can one detect transition phenomena in hypersonic wakes .
